fix: correct typos, improve consistency, and update URLs (#4451)
ChainSafe/gossamer: devnet/README.md

## Prometheus Datadog Integration

> All Prometheus metrics from the nodes are piped to Datadog. You can set up our own dashboard and add additional tags by modifying the Dockerfiles.  Currently the metrics are prefixed with `gossamer.local.devnet` and are tagged (Prometheus label) with a `key` tag for `alice`, `bob`, and `charlie`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All Prometheus metrics from the nodes are piped to Datadog. You can set up your own dashboard and add additional tags by modifying the Dockerfiles.  Currently the metrics are prefixed with `gossamer.local.devnet` and are tagged (Prometheus label) with a `key` tag for `alice`, `bob`, and `charlie`.
```

### Dockerfiles

> There are four Dockerfile s used in the devnet.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are four Dockerfiles used in the devnet.  
```
